[docs] [ENG-14809] Add `on.pull_request_labeled` docs (#34754)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas/workflows/syntax.mdx

      # other event types
```

### `on.pull_request_labeled`

Runs your workflow when a pull request is labeled with a matching label.

> With the `labels` array, you can specify which labels, when assigned to your pull request, will trigger the workflow. For example, if you use `labels: ['Test']`, only pull request labeled with `Test` label will trigger the workflow. Defaults to `[]` when not provided, which means no labels will trigger the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `labels` array, you can specify which labels, when assigned to your pull request, will trigger the workflow. For example, if you use `labels: ['Test']`, only labeling a pull request with the `Test` label will trigger the workflow. Defaults to `[]` when not provided, which means no labels will trigger the workflow.
```

You can also provide the list of matching labels directly to `on.pull_request_labeled` for simpler syntax.

```yaml
on:
  # @info #
  pull_request_labeled:
    # @end #
    labels:
      - 'Test'
      - 'Preview'
      # other labels
```

> or, alternatively:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively:
```

Or and alternatively, it means the same here. Let's use one.
